fix: Fix the vertical size calculation & the zoom on layer disable (#464)
hm21/pro_image_editor: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 9.9.3

> - **FIX**(Main-Editor & Paint-Editor): Fix the main editor size calculation to reduce layers shiftting and fix the disable layers not allowign zoom gestures on main editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **FIX**(Layers): Corrected size calculation to prevent layer shifting.
- **FIX**(Main-Editor): Fixed an issue where disabled layers blocked zoom gestures.
```
